{'data': 'Block 1: {"subheader": "Overview of Federal Emissions Regulations in '
         'the United States as of 2024"}\n'
         '\n'
         'Block 2: {"paragraph": "As of 2024, the federal emissions '
         'regulations for passenger cars and light trucks in the United States '
         "are governed by the EPA's standards for model years 2023 through "
         '2026, which were established in 2021. These standards aim to reduce '
         'greenhouse gas emissions and improve public health by setting '
         'stringent limits on pollutants. In March 2024, new emissions '
         'standards were announced for light-duty and medium-duty vehicles '
         'starting with model year 2027. These new standards, which will phase '
         'in from 2027 through 2032, are designed to reduce the emission of '
         'greenhouse gases, hydrocarbons, nitrogen oxides, and particulate '
         'matter by around 50% over the next eight years. The regulation '
         'outlines technology-neutral, performance-based standards and '
         'predicts a substantial reduction in pollutants, with cumulative '
         'carbon dioxide reductions projected at approximately 7.2 billion '
         'metric tons over the program’s life.", "supporting_answers": [1, '
         '2]}\n'
         'Block 1: {"subheader": "States with Stricter Emissions Regulations"}\n'
         '\n'
         'Block 2: {"paragraph": "California is well-known for having stricter '
         'emissions regulations than the federal standards set by the '
         'Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). Under the Clean Air Act, '
         'California is allowed to set its own more stringent regulations, and '
         'other states have the option to adopt these standards. As of 2024, '
         "at least eight Northeastern states have adopted California's "
         'stricter emissions standards. These states have chosen to follow the '
         'regulations established by the California Air Resources Board '
         '(CARB), which often include more rigorous requirements for vehicle '
         'emissions compared to federal standards. This adoption is '
         'significant because it means that many vehicles sold nationwide are '
         "built to meet California's standards due to its large market "
         'influence.", "supporting_answers": [4, 5, 6]}\n'
         'Block 1: {"subheader": "Differences Between California and Federal '
         'Emissions Regulations"}\n'
         '\n'
         'Block 2: {"paragraph": "California\'s emissions regulations differ '
         'significantly from federal regulations under the Clean Air Act. '
         'California is granted the authority to set its own stricter '
         'emissions standards through a waiver system, which allows the state '
         'to implement more rigorous requirements than those set by the '
         'Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). These standards include '
         'categories such as Zero Emission Vehicles (ZEV), which encompass '
         'battery electric vehicles, plug-in hybrid electric vehicles, and '
         'hydrogen fuel cell electric vehicles, and are part of the Advanced '
         'Clean Cars package. Additionally, California has set a plan for all '
         'new passenger cars, trucks, and SUVs sold in the state to be '
         'zero-emission by 2035. This ambitious goal is supported by the '
         'Advanced Clean Cars II regulations, which phase out gas cars over '
         'time and require higher percentages of zero-emission vehicles to be '
         'sold every few years. The state also focuses on developing the '
         'necessary charging and hydrogen fueling infrastructure to support '
         'this transition.", "supporting_answers": [7, 8, 9]}\n'
         'Block 1: {"subheader": "Penalties for Non-Compliance with Emissions '
         'Regulations"}\n'
         '\n'
         'Block 2: {"paragraph": "California enforces stringent penalties for '
         'non-compliance with its emissions regulations, which are overseen by '
         'the California Air Resources Board (CARB). These penalties are '
         'designed to eliminate any economic advantage gained through '
         'non-compliance and to deter future violations. The severity of the '
         'penalties is determined by factors such as the extent of harm to '
         'public health, safety, and welfare, the economic benefit of '
         'non-compliance, and the impact on the regulatory framework. Maximum '
         'penalties are established by statute and adjusted annually based on '
         'the California Consumer Price Index. For minor violations, penalties '
         'may be reduced if there are no excess emissions, the violation does '
         'not impede compliance determination, the violation has been '
         'corrected, the responsible party cooperates fully, and the issue is '
         'resolved quickly. Additionally, violators may offset part of their '
         'penalty by performing or funding Supplemental Environmental Projects '
         "(SEPs). Other states that have adopted California's emissions "
         'standards, such as Colorado, Connecticut, and New York, also enforce '
         'similar penalties to ensure compliance.", "supporting_answers": [10, '
         '11, 12]}\n'
         'Block 1: {"subheader": "Impact of Emissions Regulations on Vehicle '
         'Manufacturers"}\n'
         '\n'
         'Block 2: {"paragraph": "Emissions regulations in the United States, '
         'particularly those enforced by the Environmental Protection Agency '
         '(EPA) and the California Air Resources Board (CARB), have a profound '
         'impact on vehicle manufacturers. These regulations require '
         'manufacturers to significantly reduce carbon dioxide emissions, '
         'pushing them to innovate and develop cleaner vehicle technologies. '
         "California's stricter standards, which often serve as benchmarks for "
         'other states and influence federal regulations, have driven '
         'advancements such as the widespread adoption of catalytic converters '
         'and the development of various categories of low-emission vehicles, '
         'including Zero Emission Vehicles (ZEVs). The push for cleaner '
         'vehicles has led to the production of battery electric vehicles, '
         'plug-in hybrid electric vehicles, and hydrogen fuel cell electric '
         'vehicles. These innovations are essential for meeting the stringent '
         'emissions targets and have resulted in vehicles that are '
         "significantly cleaner than those sold two decades ago. The EPA's "
         'recent regulations for medium- and heavy-duty vehicles, aiming to '
         'cut greenhouse gas emissions by 2032, further emphasize the need for '
         'manufacturers to adopt advanced technologies and electrification to '
         'comply with these standards.", "supporting_answers": [13, 14, 15]}\n'
         'Block 1: {"subheader": "Recent Changes to Emissions Regulations in the '
         'United States"}\n'
         '\n'
         'Block 2: {"paragraph": "Recent changes to emissions regulations in '
         'the United States include significant updates from both the '
         'Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the state of California. '
         'The EPA has finalized new, more protective standards for light-duty '
         'and medium-duty vehicles starting with model year 2027, which will '
         'phase in through 2032. These standards aim to reduce greenhouse '
         'gases, hydrocarbons, nitrogen oxides, and particulate matter by '
         'around 50%, addressing climate change and improving air quality and '
         'public health. Additionally, the EPA has proposed stringent emission '
         'standards for medium- and heavy-duty vehicles, targeting a 60% '
         'reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2032. In California, new '
         'regulations mandate that all new passenger cars, trucks, and SUVs '
         'sold in the state be zero-emission vehicles by 2035, including '
         'battery electric, plug-in hybrid, and hydrogen fuel cell vehicles. '
         'This is part of the Advanced Clean Cars II program, which aims to '
         'phase out gas-powered cars over time by requiring higher percentages '
         'of zero-emission vehicle sales every few years.", '
         '"supporting_answers": [16, 17, 18]}',
 'draft_id': '9cc03ee0-eb82-4fc3-bc5f-82b1e35dd3f0',
 'external_id': '4a68a679-a721-403d-8353-ea3b8e7f52f7',
 'format': 'turbo_article',
 'model_used': 'gpt_4_omni_128k'}